It was many and many a year ago, 
In a kingdom by the sea, 
That a maiden there lived whom you may know 
By the name of ANNABEL LEE; 
And this maiden she lived with no other thought 
Than to love and be loved by me. 
She was a child and I was a child, 
In this kingdom by the sea, 
But we loved with a love that was more than love 
I and my Annabel Lee 
With a love that the winged seraphs of heaven 
Coveted her and me. 
And this was the reason that, long ago, 
In this kingdom by the sea, 
A wind blew out of a cloud by night 
Chilling my Annabel Lee; 
So that her highborn kinsman came 
And bore her away from me, 
To shut her up in a sepulchre 
In this kingdom by the sea. 
The angels, not half so happy in Heaven, 
Went envying her and me: 
Yes! that was the reason (as all men know, 
In this kingdom by the sea) 
That the wind came out of a cloud, chilling 
And killing my Annabel Lee. 
But our love it was stronger by far than the love 
Of those who were older than we 
Of many far wiser than we 
And neither the angels in Heaven above, 
Nor the demons down under the sea, 
Can ever dissever my soul from the soul 
Of the beautiful Annabel Lee: 
For the moon never beams without bringing me dreams 
Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; 
And the stars never rise but I see the bright eyes 
Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; 
And so, all the nighttide, I lie down by the side 
Of my darling, my darling, my life and my bride, 
In her sepulchre there by the sea 
In her tomb by the side of the sea. 
HEAR the sledges with the bells 
Silver bells !
What a world of merriment their melody foretells !
How they tinkle, tinkle, tinkle,
In the icy air of night !
While the stars that oversprinkle
All the heavens, seem to twinkle
With a crystalline delight ;
Keeping time, time, time,
In a sort of Runic rhyme,
To the tintinnabulation that so musically wells
From the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells 
From the jingling and the tinkling of the bells.
II.
Hear the mellow wedding bells
Golden bells!
What a world of happiness their harmony foretells !
Through the balmy air of night
How they ring out their delight !
From the moltengolden notes,
And all in tune,
What a liquid ditty floats
To the turtledove that listens, while she gloats
On the moon !
Oh, from out the sounding cells,
What a gush of euphony voluminously wells !
How it swells !
How it dwells
On the Future ! how it tells
Of the rapture that impels
To the swinging and the ringing
Of the bells, bells, bells,
Of the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells 
To the rhyming and the chiming of the bells !
III.
Hear the loud alarum bells 
Brazen bells !
What tale of terror, now, their turbulency tells !
In the startled ear of night
How they scream out their affright !
Too much horrified to speak,
They can only shriek, shriek,
Out of tune,
In a clamorous appealing to the mercy of the fire,
In a mad expostulation with the deaf and frantic fire,
Leaping higher, higher, higher,
With a desperate desire,
And a resolute endeavor
Now  now to sit or never,
By the side of the palefaced moon.
Oh, the bells, bells, bells !
What a tale their terror tells
Of Despair !
How they clang, and clash, and roar !
What a horror they outpour
On the bosom of the palpitating air !
Yet the ear, it fully knows,
By the twanging,
And the clanging,
How the danger ebbs and flows ;
Yet, the ear distinctly tells,
In the jangling,
And the wrangling,
How the danger sinks and swells,
By the sinking or the swelling in the anger of the bells 
Of the bells 
Of the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells 
In the clamour and the clangour of the bells !
IV.
Hear the tolling of the bells 
Iron bells !
What a world of solemn thought their monody compels !
In the silence of the night,
How we shiver with affright
At the melancholy meaning of their tone !
For every sound that floats
From the rust within their throats
Is a groan.
And the people  ah, the people 
They that dwell up in the steeple,
All alone,
And who, tolling, tolling, tolling,
In that muffled monotone,
Feel a glory in so rolling
On the human heart a stone 
They are neither man nor woman 
They are neither brute nor human 
They are Ghouls: 
And their king it is who tolls ;
And he rolls, rolls, rolls, rolls,
Rolls
A paean from the bells !
And his merry bosom swells
With the paean of the bells !
And he dances, and he yells ;
Keeping time, time, time,
In a sort of Runic rhyme,
To the paean of the bells 
Of the bells :
Keeping time, time, time,
In a sort of Runic rhyme,
To the throbbing of the bells 
Of the bells, bells, bells 
To the sobbing of the bells ;
Keeping time, time, time,
As he knells, knells, knells,
In a happy Runic rhyme,
To the rolling of the bells 
Of the bells, bells, bells 
To the tolling of the bells,
Of the bells, bells, bells, bells 
Bells, bells, bells 
To the moaning and the groaning of the bells.
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, 
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore, 
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, 
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door. 
"'Tis some visitor," I muttered, "tapping at my chamber door 
Only this, and nothing more." 
Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December, 
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor. 
Eagerly I wished the morrow; vainly I had sought to borrow 
From my books surcease of sorrow sorrow for the lost Lenore 
For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore 
Nameless here for evermore. 
And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain 
Thrilled me filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before; 
So that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood repeating, 
"'Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door 
Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door; 
This it is, and nothing more." 
Presently my soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer, 
"Sir," said I, "or Madam, truly your forgiveness I implore; 
But the fact is I was napping, and so gently you came rapping, 
And so faintly you came tapping, tapping at my chamber door, 
That I scarce was sure I heard you" here I opened wide the door; 
Darkness there, and nothing more. 
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing, 
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before; 
But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token, 
And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, "Lenore?" 
This I whispered, and an echo murmured back the word, "Lenore!" 
Merely this, and nothing more. 
Back into the chamber turning, all my soul within me burning, 
Soon again I heard a tapping somewhat louder than before. 
"Surely," said I, "surely that is something at my window lattice: 
Let me see, then, what thereat is, and this mystery explore 
Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore; 
'Tis the wind and nothing more!" 
Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter, 
In there stepped a stately Raven of the saintly days of yore; 
Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute stopped or stayed he; 
But, with mien of lord or lady, perched above my chamber door 
Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber door 
Perched, and sat, and nothing more. 
Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into smiling, 
By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore. 
"Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou," I said, "art sure no craven, 
Ghastly grim and ancient Raven wandering from the Nightly shore 
Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night's Plutonian shore!" 
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." 
Much I marvelled this ungainly fowl to hear discourse so plainly, 
Though its answer little meaning little relevancy bore; 
For we cannot help agreeing that no living human being 
Ever yet was blessed with seeing bird above his chamber door 
Bird or beast upon the sculptured bust above his chamber door, 
With such name as "Nevermore." 
But the Raven, sitting lonely on the placid bust, spoke only 
That one word, as if his soul in that one word he did outpour. 
Nothing further then he uttered not a feather then he fluttered 
Till I scarcely more than muttered, "Other friends have flown before 
On the morrow he will leave me, as my hopes have flown before." 
Then the bird said, "Nevermore." 
Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken, 
"Doubtless," said I, "what it utters is its only stock and store, 
Caught from some unhappy master whom unmerciful Disaster 
Followed fast and followed faster till his songs one burden bore 
Till the dirges of his Hope that melancholy burden bore 
Of 'Never nevermore'." 
But the Raven still beguiling all my fancy into smiling, 
Straight I wheeled a cushioned seat in front of bird, and bust and door; 
Then upon the velvet sinking, I betook myself to linking 
Fancy unto fancy, thinking what this ominous bird of yore 
What this grim, ungainly, ghastly, gaunt and ominous bird of yore 
Meant in croaking "Nevermore." 
This I sat engaged in guessing, but no syllable expressing 
To the fowl whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom's core; 
This and more I sat divining, with my head at ease reclining 
On the cushion's velvet lining that the lamplight gloated o'er, 
But whose velvet violet lining with the lamplight gloating o'er, 
She shall press, ah, nevermore! 
Then methought the air grew denser, perfumed from an unseen censer 
Swung by Seraphim whose footfalls tinkled on the tufted floor. 
"Wretch," I cried, "thy God hath lent thee by these angels he hath sent thee 
Respite respite and nepenthe, from thy memories of Lenore! 
Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe and forget this lost Lenore!" 
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." 
"Prophet!" said I, "thing of evil!  prophet still, if bird or devil!  
Whether Tempter sent, or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore, 
Desolate yet all undaunted, on this desert land enchanted 
On this home by Horror haunted tell me truly, I implore 
Is there is there balm in Gilead? tell me tell me, I implore!" 
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." 
"Prophet!" said I, "thing of evil!  prophet still, if bird or devil! 
By that Heaven that bends above us by that God we both adore 
Tell this soul with sorrow laden if, within the distant Aidenn, 
It shall clasp a sainted maiden whom the angels name Lenore 
Clasp a rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore." 
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." 
"Be that word our sign in parting, bird or fiend," I shrieked, upstarting 
"Get thee back into the tempest and the Night's Plutonian shore! 
Leave no black plume as a token of that lie thy soul hath spoken! 
Leave my loneliness unbroken! quit the bust above my door! 
Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my door!" 
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." 
And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting 
On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; 
And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, 
And the lamplight o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor; 
And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor 
Shall be lifted nevermore! 